Jbenignocardoso patch 1 (#11)
alxlenc/pygh-tests: content/file1.adoc

## This is a Title
I create a file.

> When a cluster is provisioned, each machine in the cluster requires information about the cluster.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
To provide each machine with information about the cluster when provisioning occurs, it is necessary to ensure that this data is available.
```

> Connect to the `utility` server and verify that the audit logs are received by the syslog service.	

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
1. Connect to the utility server.
2. Verify that the audit logs are being received by the syslog service.

Original: "Connect to the `utility` server and verify that the audit logs are received by the syslog service."

Corrected: (1) "I connect to the utility server." (2) "Verify that the audit logs are being received by the syslog service."
```
